women love exercises to
strengthen your legs and butt
today we will know exactly how
make a stick that is such a move
used in the gym and often badly
executed and with that the person comes
surfing pains in the postural spine and
of course, how did you grow
correct the posterior aspect of the thigh
important for and by talking
the way and the people would like
exercises like this stays on the glacier
Bridges are basic exercises that
compose the pillars of bodybuilding for
strengthening of the posterior thigh and
lower members
patrice to strengthen the posterior is
terms of detachment at the academy
the ste is that bar anyway
correct to execute
bush if it is one of the main
workout providers who work
this posterior muscle of
legs then it's we start from the beginning
of the person's educational exercises
body movement awareness
correct a work without initial weight
for the moment that it creates
awareness it is increasing the weight
gradually increases the weight of the bar
adds washers and becomes more
elaborated the exercise to strengthen
Even gluteus is difficult to even ask
How long have things like this but do you have?
that using a little load of accurate
have to have a little more
how does it work?
we start from educational exercises like
one of the wall is an educational 12
there are others of isometria soil
then one of the exercises was that
shown on the wall and
gradually the load will be increased
because working with weight is very
important for the definition of
musculature the gain of mass to stay
the stronger the stronger it is
everyday
when I came back unfortunately not
we can work the same a lot every
days
because there is only one mass gain one
muscle building at rest time
that's why feeding is so important.
correct replacement of protein g
post-training, because the boy needs
rest
so girl
come on let's end up visible